SENT:  Jim yelled at Kevin because he was so upset .	KNOW SENT:  MD once yelled at me because he is in a bad mood .
SENT:  Sam broke both his ankles and he is walking with crutches . But a month or so from now they should be better .	KNOW SENT:  And while many patients still do not recover, some, such as a gymnist who broke his neck five years ago, are cured.
SENT:  Carol believed that Rebecca regretted that she had stolen the watch .	KNOW SENT:  She was instructed to speak to the coffin, to say she regretted having stolen the man's heart
SENT:  The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse , but it was too impatient .	KNOW SENT:  I waited a few seconds but was impatient as my Jetstar flight had been delayed two hours anyway .
SENT:  The woman held the girl against her chest .	KNOW SENT:  He held her head against his chest ,
SENT:  The sculpture rolled off the shelf because it was not level .	KNOW SENT:  The oranges rolled off the uneven table
SENT:  It was a summer afternoon , and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn . After a while , it got up and moved to a spot under the tree , because it was cooler .	KNOW SENT:  If a person starts to experience over heating , and symptoms of heat syncope , they should move or be moved to a shaded or cool area .
SENT:  I stuck a pin through a carrot . When I pulled the pin out , it left a hole .	KNOW SENT:  After Bertha got stuck , she could not back up because she builds the concrete walls of the tunnel as she drills forward . That means the hole she leaves behind is narrower than she is .
SENT:  Lily spoke to Donna , breaking her silence .	KNOW SENT:  Dolezal's parents finally speak out and break their silence , revealing their daughter is white , and has been misrepresenting her race for years .
SENT:  Bob collapsed on the sidewalk . Soon he saw Carl coming to help . He was very concerned .	KNOW SENT:  Police say a concerned citizen helped them find the car connected to last week's homicide suspect , who shot and killed Alton Mills , 22 .
SENT:  Bill passed the gameboy to John because his turn was over .	KNOW SENT:  On the first day of class, my student gave me an apple
SENT:  If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam , he would have gotten a lot of money .	KNOW SENT:  Al Gore made money fooling Muslims into thinking anybody watched CurrentTV .
SENT:  The customer walked into the bank and stabbed one of the tellers . He was immediately taken to the police station .	KNOW SENT:  A suicidal transient who threatened to stab a gas station clerk and police officers was arrested and taken into custody
SENT:  The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because they feared violence .	KNOW SENT:  He also refused to give his full name because he feared for his safety .
SENT:  The police arrested all of the gang members . They were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood .	KNOW SENT:  The woman said she was unsure if she wanted to press charges, but officers arrested Sanderson to prevent any further violence.
SENT:  Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold , though he lived two centuries later .	KNOW SENT:  Galen of Pergamon (AD 129-199) is perhaps a figure more sympathetic to modern thought and philosophy , still much influenced by Platonic ideas , though he lived 400 years later .
SENT:  Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help she had received .	KNOW SENT:  I just wanted to thank you because you have helped me the best when I received the deny letter from immigration some years ago .
SENT:  I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that it would be lighter .	KNOW SENT:  The focus motor has been taken out of the bodies to make them lighter and obviously cheaper.
SENT:  The woman held the girl against her will .	KNOW SENT:  There , he found an unoccupied apartment , where he held her against her will , police said .
SENT:  Fred covered his eyes with his hands , because the wind was blowing sand around . He lowered them when the wind stopped .	KNOW SENT:  the turret could be lifted or lowered according to the needs.
SENT:  Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed , so that she could sleep .	KNOW SENT:  My dog is very serious about being tucked in to sleep in the morning and at night .
SENT:  Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765 . At that date he had been travelling for five years .	KNOW SENT:  Last January 2016 , I visited Egypt . I was traveling with my boyfriend Juan
SENT:  Sam broke both his ankles and he is walking with crutches . But a month or so from now they should be unnecessary .	KNOW SENT:  I happen to have brazeons on my bike so I'm using them, but they are not needed.
SENT:  The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because it was going so fast .	KNOW SENT:  If you zoom somewhere , you go there very quickly .
SENT:  Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help she had given .	KNOW SENT:  Hey aXXo , I made an account just to thank you for all the help you've given me ,
SENT:  Adam can not leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him . If Bob had left home for work on time , he would be here by this time .	KNOW SENT:  I normally leave my house on time and can reach work on time
SENT:  There is a gap in the wall . You can see the garden through it  .	KNOW SENT:  Eventually he found a place from which he could see through a gap in the hedge .
SENT:  John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons . He was very impressive .	KNOW SENT:   to juggle with clubs can look quite impressive
SENT:  The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean . They began two years ago .	KNOW SENT:  The Russians probably suspected we would attack because when we began to do so we found that some of them were already in position to receive us.
SENT:  In the middle of the outdoor concert , the rain started falling , and it continued until 10 .	KNOW SENT:  I started and continued discovering it .
SENT:  Sid explained his theory to Mark but he could not convince him .	KNOW SENT:  i explained him to the best of my knowledge but could not convince him
SENT:  Many people start to read Paul's books and can not put them down . They are gripped because Paul writes so well .	KNOW SENT:  I started to read it , and I was gripped .
SENT:  The sack of potatoes had been placed above the bag of flour , so it had to be moved first .	KNOW SENT:  Coal seams are extracted from a mountain by removing the land , or overburden , above the seams .
SENT:  This morning , Joey built a sand castle on the beach , and put a toy flag in the highest tower , but this afternoon the wind knocked it down .	KNOW SENT:  A gust of wind knocked over the American flag behind him as he spoke, so a CBP agent stood behind it and propped it up until the attorney general finished his speech
SENT:  Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket . She thinks it looks great on her .	KNOW SENT:  Good friend traded his 13 GTI for 18 R. Wheels/front end looks better in person.
SENT:  I used an old rag to clean the knife , and then I put it in the drawer .	KNOW SENT:  He cleaned his unit and put it back in the bags which tells me that is NOT a new unit .
SENT:  Bob paid for Charlie's college education , but now Charlie acts as though it never happened . He is very hurt .	KNOW SENT:  I was angry and hurt that he had not appreciated my resonant excitement for him .
SENT:  Fred watched TV while George went out to buy groceries . After an hour he got back .	KNOW SENT:  I went out walking and I got back from talking
SENT:  John promised Bill to leave , so an hour later he left .	KNOW SENT:  I promised the local draft board to go right into the army, so I graduated and went right in.
SENT:  This book introduced Shakespeare to Goethe ; it was a fine selection of his writing .	KNOW SENT:  Goethe accomplished his masterpieces inspired by the works of Shakespeare.
SENT:  During a game of tag , Ethan ran from Luke because he was it .	KNOW SENT:  The player selected to be it then chases the others, attempting to get close enough to tag one of them while the others try to escape.
SENT:  Paul tried to call George on the phone , but he was not successful .	KNOW SENT:  We tried to call the Doctors associate but have not been successful in getting a hold of him to ask questions .
SENT:  If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam , he would have lost a lot of money .	KNOW SENT:  If you lost money in an IPO investment because you were misled , deceived or improperly advised by a broker or investment adviser , our firm can help you understand your rights and options , and we can represent you in filing and pursuing a claim to recoup your money .
SENT:  Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend , Paul . They were embarrassed about it .	KNOW SENT:  This iconic gesture , depicting pulling shades up over the eyes , says that here is a man who was caught having sex and was very embarrassed as a result
SENT:  Mark told Pete many lies about himself , which Pete included in his book . He should have been more truthful .	KNOW SENT:  In my opinion, It's completely not OK to tell lies. We should always be truthful, so that we have a clean conscience.
SENT:  Everyone really loved the oatmeal cookies ; only a few people liked the chocolate chip cookies . Next time , we should make fewer of them  .	KNOW SENT:   I have one son who does not like hot dogs, so I made a few with just cheese in the middle.
SENT:  John ordered Bill to leave , so an hour later he left .	KNOW SENT:  They ordered him to pay up so he did
SENT:  Adam can not leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him . If Bob had left home for work on time , he would be gone by this time .	KNOW SENT:  arrived on time and replaces an older one of the same type
SENT:  Sam and Amy are passionately in love , but Amy's parents are unhappy about it , because they are fifteen .	KNOW SENT:  Parents usually become concerned when their teenager falls in love in high school .
SENT:  The drain is clogged with hair . It has to be removed .	KNOW SENT:  To clean a bathtub drain that is clogged with hair , remove hair caught in the grate
SENT:  I put the cake away in the refrigerator . It has a lot of leftovers in it .	KNOW SENT:  There seem to be a lot of leftovers in the fridge lately; are you eating out a lot?
SENT:  Madonna fired her trainer because she could not stand her boyfriend .	KNOW SENT:  He fired her simply because he hated her .
SENT:  I was trying to open the lock with the key , but someone had filled the keyhole with chewing gum , and I could not get it in .	KNOW SENT:  Once the venue is full , you will not get in , even if you are a member .
SENT:  The sculpture rolled off the shelf because it was not anchored .	KNOW SENT:  Granted they were not anchored down and encountered heavy winds , so whether they rolled and then collapsed , or the increased tension ripped the hubs
SENT:  The trophy does not fit into the brown suitcase because it is too small .	KNOW SENT:  PSU Will Not Fit into Case (too small)
SENT:  Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep , but they ended up looking more like golfers .	KNOW SENT:  My original concept when I first taught other people was to make them look like great golfers when they hit the ball.
SENT:  John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons . He was very impressed .	KNOW SENT:  We are impressed to see juggler of Las Vegas
SENT:  Anne gave birth to a daughter last month . She is a very charming woman .	KNOW SENT:  Oldest woman to give birth in Ireland was aged 54
SENT:  Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago . They hunted for deer on the river banks .	KNOW SENT:  Paleolithic humans lived more than ten thousand years ago. They hunted meat and gathered fruits and vegetables.
SENT:  Dr . Adams informed Kate that she had cancer and presented several options for future treatment .	KNOW SENT:  I count my blessings that I had a doctor who presented me with these options
SENT:  Anna did a lot better than her good friend Lucy on the test because she had studied so hard .	KNOW SENT:  He succeeded because he studied hard .
SENT:  Sid explained his theory to Mark but he could not understand him .	KNOW SENT:  No matter how many times I try to explain . They do not understand me and I feel like I am on my own .
SENT:  Emma's mother had died long ago , and her place had been taken by an excellent woman as governess .	KNOW SENT:  His untimely death in March 1956 , following that his place was taken by Barry Bucknell
SENT:  Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because she is nosy .	KNOW SENT:  She knows about my situation because she is nosy and kept asking me when we were going to try .
SENT:  The older students were bullying the younger ones , so we rescued them  .	KNOW SENT:  This Girl Was Bullied for Her Prom Dress , so Twitter Came to Her Rescue
SENT:  Everyone really loved the oatmeal cookies ; only a few people liked the chocolate chip cookies . Next time , we should make more of them  .	KNOW SENT:  I liked it, so I made a few more.
SENT:  Bob paid for Charlie's college education , but now Charlie acts as though it never happened . He is very ungrateful .	KNOW SENT:  Paul also paid for that ungrateful sob and con artist Gary.
SENT:  The dog chased the cat , which ran up a tree . It waited at the bottom .	KNOW SENT:  females & the old Mapogo when they chased Tegwane up a tree & waited at the bottom of the tree for him to come down the whole morning.
SENT:  The lawyer asked the witness a question , but he was reluctant to repeat it .	KNOW SENT:  Williams was reluctant to repeat what she had said to the official
SENT:  Pete envies Martin because he is very successful .	KNOW SENT:  Do we hate zuckerberg because he is successful or awkward or because facebook is creepy?
SENT:  I poured water from the bottle into the cup until it was empty .	KNOW SENT:  Imagine you made a gallon pitcher of lemonade for your family picnic .You poured the lemonade into 12 paper cup until there was not a drop left .
SENT:  Steve follows Fred's example in everything . He admires him hugely .	KNOW SENT:  I have followed and admired Amanda Krauss and her blog for awhile.
SENT:  Joe paid the detective after he received the final report on the case .	KNOW SENT:  You can pay your taxes , in whole or in part , when you file your return , or you can wait until after you receive your Notice of Assessment .
SENT:  Jane gave Joan candy because she was not hungry .	KNOW SENT:  I think I would just pass it because I either was not hungry at the time , or I just did not realize that was THE Giovanni's truck!
SENT:  Madonna fired her trainer because she could not stand her boyfriend .	KNOW SENT:  As he could not stand ethical behavior, he fired me.
SENT:  Bob paid for Charlie's college education . He is very generous .	KNOW SENT:  Woman's layaway paid for by generous donor
SENT:  The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens . I shall have to guard them  .	KNOW SENT:  His driver was attacked and was protected by Rambler players Roy Boles, Moore.
SENT:  Fred watched TV while George went out to buy groceries . After an hour he got up .	KNOW SENT:  I can sit down and watch TV all day . At the outset , each study volunteer was asked to sit down on the floor and then get up
SENT:  The man could not lift his son because he was so heavy .	KNOW SENT:  Many people came to her to carry her away to bury her, and they could not lift her because she was so heavy.
SENT:  Jim comforted Kevin because he was so upset .	KNOW SENT:  Ironically he comforted me because I was so upset and now thinks we are
SENT:  Frank was upset with Tom because the toaster he had bought from him did not work .	KNOW SENT:  I would see people frustrated when they bought products that did not work or super happy when they bought products that made them
SENT:  The table will not fit through the doorway because it is too wide .	KNOW SENT:  It will not easily fit into the forward position because it is too wide.
SENT:  Susan knew that Ann's son had been in a car accident , so she told her about it .	KNOW SENT:  he got out of the car , and I told him to get back in … because I knew he would do it all over again the next day .
SENT:  The firemen arrived after the police because they were coming from so far away .	KNOW SENT:  people actually come back late at night from miles away to pick through the ejecta
SENT:  The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse , but it was too cautious .	KNOW SENT:  Overeem appears to be waiting for Blaydes to come in , but Blaydes is cautious himself .
SENT:  I can not cut that tree down with that axe ; it is too thick .	KNOW SENT:  my ebay key was a little too thick to fit so they could not cut it but I had it done else where .
SENT:  Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket . She thinks it looks dowdy on her .	KNOW SENT:  You can take an outfit that would look frumpy with a long cardigan, swap it for a boyfriend blazer, and instantly look effortlessly cool
SENT:  The drain is clogged with hair . It has to be cleaned .	KNOW SENT:  Sections of the porous pavement which were clogged were cleaned by various methods .
SENT:  The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens . They have gotten very nervous .	KNOW SENT:  Ms Dews, who lives in Saltburn-by-the-Sea, said Max was nervous of other dogs after being attacked during a walk but she said he’d never shown any signs of aggression.
SENT:  Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant . When Fred first saw my father , he was twelve years old .	KNOW SENT:  The term infant is typically applied to young children under one year of age
SENT:  The man lifted the boy onto his bunk bed .	KNOW SENT:  These mattresses were a replacement for the ones on on boy's bunk bed.
SENT:  Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on . She writes it when she gets home from work .	KNOW SENT:  I lost the word file I've been working on . I have to write it all over again
SENT:  Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because she is indiscreet .	KNOW SENT:  The only reason you know anything about God is because he has chosen to reveal himself .
SENT:  The fish ate the worm . It was hungry .	KNOW SENT:  I just ate something because im hungry and i am sleepy
SENT:  Tom gave Ralph a lift to school so he would not have to walk .	KNOW SENT:  We purchased our beds and ask[ed] the shop if they could deliver them that afternoon and also give us a lift back home , so we would not have to walk .
SENT:  George got free tickets to the play , but he gave them to Eric , even though he was particularly eager to see it .	KNOW SENT:  I'm definitely going to give my hair some resting time, even though I'm eager to have.
SENT:  James asked Robert for a favor but he refused .	KNOW SENT:  He asked the LORD what he should do , but the LORD refused to answer him , either by dreams or by sacred lots or by the prophets .
SENT:  Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend , Paul . They were furious about it .	KNOW SENT:  What if it were your daughter , and you found out she was six and having sex , I hope you would be furious , and
SENT:  Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after he reached the top of the stairs .	KNOW SENT:  I slung my bag over my shoulder and threw it down once I reached the top of the wall and jumped down .
SENT:  The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens . They have gotten very bold .	KNOW SENT:  Bold sheep attacking a parcel of mangoes
SENT:  Jim signaled the barman and gestured toward his empty glass .	KNOW SENT:  The barman replaced Fanshawe's empty glass with a fresh, full one.
SENT:  The man lifted the boy onto his shoulders .	KNOW SENT:  I am going to put the pillow onto my shoulder and then lift you up onto my shoulder and run you out of here .
SENT:  The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens . I shall have to kill them  .	KNOW SENT:  Sigar attacked me, so I killed him.
SENT:  Madonna fired her trainer because she slept with her boyfriend .	KNOW SENT:  I thought you fired me because I slept with your ex-wife .
SENT:  Frank was upset with Tom because the toaster he had sold him did not work .	KNOW SENT:  He sold me a bad rug . I am really angry about it .
SENT:  Lily spoke to Donna , breaking her concentration .	KNOW SENT:  If someone speaks to you and breaks your concentration , or you realise a harness strap is twisted and have to untwist it , start checks again at the beginning .
SENT:  Bob collapsed on the sidewalk . Soon he saw Carl coming to help . He was very ill .	KNOW SENT:  Back in the studio Bruce collapsed and was sick .
SENT:  Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird . He is very cruel .	KNOW SENT:  Watch 16 pics of Cruel mistress toying her submissive fuck slave in tight bondage at PornPics .com .
SENT:  Steve follows Fred's example in everything . He influences him hugely .	KNOW SENT:  We sacrifice and obey the order because we are influenced by our internal sense of guilt.
SENT:  Bob paid for Charlie's college education . He is very grateful .	KNOW SENT:  I am really grateful for having a good job now , and I am grateful to the NGO because it has helped me and paid for my tuition until I graduated with satisfactory grades .
SENT:  We went to the lake , because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach , so it was a safer place to swim .	KNOW SENT:  have a fear of sharks and stingrays . Can anyone suggest any hotels that have safe places to swim (no major rips) without sharks or stingrays to worry about? Maybe a nice lagoon that sea creatures can not get into? Would also prefer the water outside the OWB is not more than shoulder deep to get into .
SENT:  The user changed his password from GrWQWu8JyC to willow-towered Canopy Huntertropic wrestles as it was easy to forget .	KNOW SENT:  Maybe you changed the default password, it's easy to forget if you do not log in frequently or don't memorize it properly.
SENT:  I can not cut that tree down with that axe ; it is too small .	KNOW SENT:  a small knife can not cut such a bulk material.
SENT:  Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because he was hungry .	KNOW SENT:  I Was Hungry and You Gave Me Food
SENT:  Pete envies Martin although he is very successful .	KNOW SENT:  Azin is a successful lawyer but sometimes envies her older brother.
SENT:  There is a pillar between me and the stage , and I can not see around it  .	KNOW SENT:  It is a fairly easy transition between flyhalf and fullback. But I would rather not see him bouncing around between too many positions.
SENT:  They broadcast an announcement , but a subway came into the station and I could not hear it  .	KNOW SENT:  I didn't know that there was a broadcast of this announcement on Friday, so I didn't listen to it.
SENT:  Sam took French classes from Adam , because he was eager to speak it fluently .	KNOW SENT:  If you want to learn Data Science , take a few of these statistics classes .
SENT:  John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling . He was very annoyed .	KNOW SENT:  the more times you hear him whistle the more annoyed you become
SENT:  Jane knocked on Susan's door , but there was no answer . She was disappointed .	KNOW SENT:  I knocked but he didn’t answer . I was disappointed , I had to wait to find out what happened .
SENT:  Alice looked for her friend Jade in the crowd . Since she always has good luck , Alice spotted her quickly .	KNOW SENT:  I looked at the code and so far I spotted only one abuser of this fact
SENT:  The customer walked into the bank and stabbed one of the tellers . He was immediately taken to the hospital .	KNOW SENT:  Brown , of the 300 block of West 95th Street , was stabbed in his stomach and taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center where he died .
SENT:  Billy cried because Toby would not share his toy .	KNOW SENT:  When I told Scott I cried more because Scott did not share in the memories of her childhood
SENT:  Joe has sold his house and bought a new one a few miles away . He will be moving out of it on Thursday .	KNOW SENT:  Sold David's home so he can move out to the country!
SENT:  Emma did not pass the ball to Janie although she saw that she was open .	KNOW SENT:  he does not pass the ball even though a teammate is open
SENT:  The painting in Mark's living room shows an oak tree . It is to the right of a house .	KNOW SENT:  The tree to the right of the house in the above right photo is the very maple tree that I posted about in the previous blog entry.
SENT:  This book introduced Shakespeare to Goethe ; it was a major influence on his writing .	KNOW SENT:  Goethe accomplished his masterpieces inspired by the works of Shakespeare.
SENT:  Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from chatting at the party , leaving us to wonder why she was behaving so strangely .	KNOW SENT:  It's almost like there's this strange, pseudo-science correctiveness that stops us from talking honestly about what these guys provide.
SENT:  Frank felt vindicated when his longtime rival Bill revealed that he was the winner of the competition .	KNOW SENT:  Vindicated National Award Winner Raveena Tandon
SENT:  Sam pulled up a chair to the piano , but it was broken , so he had to stand instead .	KNOW SENT:  My chair was broken so I had to stand for a play session with my new Oculus Rift on and it was amazing.
SENT:  Jane knocked on the door , and Susan answered it . She invited her to come in .	KNOW SENT:  When I knocked , Mrs . M answered the door and invited me in .
SENT:  Susan knew that Ann's son had been in a car accident , because she told her about it .	KNOW SENT:  It's true I knew about her research because she told me.
SENT:  The sack of potatoes had been placed below the bag of flour , so it had to be moved first .	KNOW SENT:  A stack is a limited access data structure - elements can be added and removed from the stack only at the top. push adds an item to the top of the stack, pop removes the item from the top. A helpful analogy is to think of a stack of books; you can remove only the top book, also you can add a new book on the top.
SENT:  The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because they advocated violence .	KNOW SENT:  He has been refused travel to the West because he has openly advocated for terror against Israeli citizens as well as Americans in Iraq and Afghanistan
SENT:  The fish ate the worm . It was tasty .	KNOW SENT:  I can eat it because it is tasty
SENT:  The father carried the sleeping boy in his arms .	KNOW SENT:  Watching them carry my very upset boy away in their arms was tough .
SENT:  Emma's mother had died long ago , and her education had been managed by an excellent woman as governess .	KNOW SENT:  Emma is motherless and has been educated by Miss Taylor, her governess of 16 years
SENT:  Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because his Dibs was quicker .	KNOW SENT:  We've told you which cars to call front-seat dibs to avoid being stuck in the backseat with leg cramps and neck spasms. It only seems appropriate to fill you in on which cars allow you to relax and enjoy a comfortable ride in the backseat and let the friend who called shotgun play road-trip navigator while you chill out and enjoy the scenery.
SENT:  I tried to paint a picture of an orchard , with lemons in the lemon trees , but they came out looking more like light bulbs .	KNOW SENT:  We see potato fields, tomato fields, onion fields; lots of apple trees, peach trees, pear trees, plenty of plum trees and, hold your breath, trees with giant lemons. They look like yellow bulbs on the tree!!
SENT:  The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because it was going so slow .	KNOW SENT:  But I rushed it because it felt like it was going really really slow .
SENT:  The large ball crashed right through the table because it was made of steel .	KNOW SENT:  A truck driver was not hurt when steel beams crashed through his cab in Tualatin , April 7 , 2014 (KOIN 6 News) .
SENT:  The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean . They appeared two years ago .	KNOW SENT:  The manuscript that surfaced in Verona was found before Gutenberg's useful invention
SENT:  At the Loebner competition the judges could not figure out which respondents were the chatbots because they were so advanced .	KNOW SENT:  The best chatbots have advanced conversational capabilities and can proactively seek out information, and can also ask clarifying questions even if the conversation isn’t linear.
SENT:  Since it was raining , I carried the newspaper over my backpack to keep it dry .	KNOW SENT:  Cover put over young plants to protect them from cold
SENT:  Sam's drawing was hung just above Tina's and it did look much better with another one below it .	KNOW SENT:  When hanging a picture above a piece of furniture that is 32, there should be approx. 3-8 from the top of your furniture piece and the bottom of your picture
SENT:  Jane gave Joan candy because she was hungry .	KNOW SENT:  I Was Hungry and You Gave Me Food
SENT:  Since it was raining , I carried the newspaper in my backpack to keep it dry .	KNOW SENT:  I put electronics in a large baggie to keep them dry when wet towels go back into the bag .
SENT:  The path to the lake was blocked , so we could not use it  .	KNOW SENT:  I can not use photoshop patterns because it's blocked
SENT:  The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning , but luckily , by the time the picnic started , it was out .	KNOW SENT:  About half the sky was covered with clouds, some grey and some white, but the sun was nearly always out during the drive.
SENT:  I put the butterfly wing on the table and it broke .	KNOW SENT:  His skin is as delicate as a butterfly's wing, it's so fragile that any pressure could tear it.
SENT:  The trophy does not fit into the brown suitcase because it is too large .	KNOW SENT:  This file is too large to fit on a disc .
SENT:  During a game of tag , Ethan chased Luke because he was it .	KNOW SENT:  The player selected to be it then chases the others, attempting to get close enough to tag one of them while the others try to escape.
SENT:  This book introduced Shakespeare to Ovid ; it was a major influence on his writing .	KNOW SENT:  Shakespeare was inspired by the works of Ovid, in particular the poems in Metamorphoses
SENT:  Jim signaled the barman and gestured toward his bathroom key .	KNOW SENT:  Upon returning the brush, the bar owner will hand over the bathroom keys.
SENT:  As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps , his legs ached .	KNOW SENT:  I struggle  lifting things at work cas my arms are hurting im only 32 and i cant see y and wat it could be around  my elbows and down my arms including  muscles ??
SENT:  In the storm , the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house . Now , I have to get it removed .	KNOW SENT:  When trees fall in your yard , you have to foot the bill to remove them .
SENT:  George got free tickets to the play , but he gave them to Eric , because he was not particularly eager to see it .	KNOW SENT:  Eighteenth-century leaders were extremely anxious to show their disinterest; a number of them gave away their fortune  and bankrupted themselves.
SENT:  James asked Robert for a favor but he was refused .	KNOW SENT:  Have you ever asked for but been refused a pay rise?
SENT:  Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher , but he put it off , because he wanted to watch TV . But the show turned out to be boring , so he changed his mind and turned it off .	KNOW SENT:  Its not like I turned off the show or lost my appetite, but it was a bit more involved than I described.
SENT:  The lawyer asked the witness a question , but he was reluctant to answer it .	KNOW SENT:  For years I've been asked to address this question , but I have been reluctant to answer it .
SENT:  As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps , his legs dangled .	KNOW SENT:  He is reported to have been a very wise leader and a very fierce warrior who had to be carried into battle on a shield because his legs were so soft .
SENT:  George got free tickets to the play , but he gave them to Eric , because he was particularly eager to see it .	KNOW SENT:  US beverage maker Coca-Cola is giving free tickets to those willing to view the ultimate football prize
SENT:  Stretching her back , the woman smiled at the girl .	KNOW SENT:  stretching her back she smiled at Mac
SENT:  I saw Jim yelling at some guy in a military uniform with a huge red beard . I do not know who he was , but he looked very unhappy .	KNOW SENT:  Getting yelled at by some unhappy customers, but we try our best to flip a bad situation around.
SENT:  Jane knocked on Susan's door but she did not get an answer .	KNOW SENT:  I knocked on the doors but did not get a response
SENT:  I put the cake away in the refrigerator . It has a lot of butter in it .	KNOW SENT:  The cake uses a lot of butter
SENT:  I could not find a spoon , so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee . But that turned out to be a bad idea , because it got full of coffee .	KNOW SENT:  Hot coffee is stirred with a spoon, the spoon gets hot
SENT:  The dog chased the cat , which ran up a tree . It waited at the top .	KNOW SENT:  Little Pit ran up the porch stairs and waited at the top for Love to unlock the front door.
SENT:  The older students were bullying the younger ones , so we punished them  .	KNOW SENT:  merchant bullying a consumer , so they punished the merchant by banning them
SENT:  Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead . If Adam had not had a sudden run of good luck , he would have lost .	KNOW SENT:  Inter Milan were unlucky to lose the match .
SENT:  Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because he was full .	KNOW SENT:  We passed on dessert because we were full by the end of the meal .
SENT:  Jane knocked on Susan's door , but there was no answer . She was out .	KNOW SENT:  Later that evening , there was no answer when I knocked on her door , and , assuming she was out , I left a note of my own , signing it , A fellow-ghost
SENT:  Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep , but they ended up looking more like dogs .	KNOW SENT:  Those sheep look like dogs with furry coats.
SENT:  John could not see the stage with Billy in front of him because he is so short .	KNOW SENT:  He wanted to see who Jesus was, but because he was short he could not see over the crowd.
SENT:  I saw Jim yelling at some guy in a military uniform with a huge red beard . I do not know why he was , but he looked very unhappy .	KNOW SENT:  I would throw things and yell when I was unhappy.
SENT:  In July , Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk . Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger , they were victorious within weeks .	KNOW SENT:  If you win a game , it is because you played better .
SENT:  The man could not lift his son because he was so weak .	KNOW SENT:  She could not lift it off the floor because she is a weak girl .
SENT:  Anne gave birth to a daughter last month . She is a very charming baby .	KNOW SENT:  Serena Williams has given birth to a baby girl .
SENT:  Paul tried to call George on the phone , but he was not available .	KNOW SENT:  Every half hour she ran out to call Jack , but his phone was unavailable .
SENT:  The police arrested all of the gang members . They were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood .	KNOW SENT:  Police have arrested a man they say was running a drug-dealing operation and found to be in possession of a stolen firearm.
SENT:  Jane knocked on Susan's door but she did not answer .	KNOW SENT:  I knocked on her door but she did not answer but the door was not locked so I walked in.
SENT:  The painting in Mark's living room shows an oak tree . It is to the right of the bookcase .	KNOW SENT:  Now notice the painting hanging to the right of the bookcase.
SENT:  My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30 , so there was not much time . Luckily , it was delayed , so it worked out .	KNOW SENT:  Ross cannot reach the 3:00 meeting on time as he is delayed because of traffic. Trains are expected to run on time, but unexpected scenarios delays the train
