SENT:  Kirilov ceded the presidency to Shatov because he was less popular .	KNOW SENT:  The major reason for the coup's defeat was that it was instantly unpopular .
SENT:  I am sure that my map will show this building ; it is very famous .	KNOW SENT:  there is a famous description of a 'paradise'. It is shown by a paradisiacal situation on earth.
SENT:  Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after he reached the bottom of the stairs .	KNOW SENT:  She releases the ball when her hand reaches the bottom of the path.
SENT:  Tom gave Ralph a lift to school so he would not have to drive alone .	KNOW SENT:  That is if you do not mind the journey up there , and on this day Mashi offered me a lift so I did not have to drive .
SENT:  We had hoped to place copies of our newsletter on all the chairs in the auditorium , but there were simply not enough of them  .	KNOW SENT:  I put compost on all my farms but there is not enough compost to go around.
SENT:  Mark told Pete many lies about himself , which Pete included in his book . He should have been more skeptical .	KNOW SENT:  We've been lied to and we're skeptical of what brands have to say about themselves.
SENT:  Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from barking at the party , leaving us to wonder why she was behaving so strangely .	KNOW SENT:  She saw Carmen yelling at the kids, acting strangely.
SENT:  In the storm , the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house . Now , I have to get it repaired .	KNOW SENT:  iPhone owners had their software crashed and they need to dial a helpline to fix it.
SENT:  The father carried the sleeping boy in his bassinet .	KNOW SENT:  Katherine Heigl carried her new daughter in a bassinet to visit a friend in LA.
SENT:  I saw Jim yelling at some guy in a military uniform with a huge red beard . I do not know why he was , but he looked very unhappy .	KNOW SENT:  Aggressive director yells fired.
SENT:  The firemen arrived before the police because they were coming from so far away .	KNOW SENT:  My teachers know that I arrive late sometimes. They do not punish me because they know I live far away, he said.
SENT:  I could not put the pot on the shelf because it was too high .	KNOW SENT:  I couldn't put a top on it because it was SO ridiculously tall
SENT:  This book introduced Shakespeare to Ovid ; it was a fine selection of his writing .	KNOW SENT:  Shakespeare was inspired by the works of Ovid, in particular the poems in Metamorphoses
SENT:  Ann asked Mary what time the library closes , but she had forgotten .	KNOW SENT:  The Crowd And Yhuu Should Hav Asked For Her Number I Doubt She Would Have Forgotten Yhur Name Or Who Yhuu Are In That Little Time.
SENT:  Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed , so that she could work .	KNOW SENT:  We loved using swaddle blankets because it helped our children sleep better because they were tucked in
SENT:  I stuck a pin through a carrot . When I pulled the pin out , it had a hole .	KNOW SENT:  Stick a pin in a balloon and you will not only make kids cry , you will also puncture the balloon .
SENT:  Frank felt crushed when his longtime rival Bill revealed that he was the winner of the competition .	KNOW SENT:  We lose property , and feel crushed and poor . We lose our ideals , our hopes .
SENT:  In the middle of the outdoor concert , the rain started falling , but it continued until 10 .	KNOW SENT:  Then in middle of June, I started coughing and it continued for 3 weeks
SENT:  I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that it would be handy .	KNOW SENT:  I just need to get it out of me , so that it does not stay inside .
SENT:  Jane knocked on the door , and Susan answered it . She invited her to come out .	KNOW SENT:  My Worldwide Quest to Find My Best Childhood Friends , Knock on Their Doors , and Ask Them to Come Out and Play by Danny Wallace was just what the doctor ordered!
SENT:  Emma did not pass the ball to Janie although she was open .	KNOW SENT:  Dion Waiters is wide open but LeBron James won't pass the ball.
SENT:  We went to the lake , because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach , so it was a dangerous place to swim .	KNOW SENT:  you can effectively see or seen when driving at night. It also makes your vehicle unsafe for driving in the dark.
SENT:  The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens . I shall have to kill them  .	KNOW SENT:  Sigar attacked me, so I killed him.
SENT:  Sam took French classes from Adam , because he was known to speak it fluently .	KNOW SENT:  I know how to dance so I would organize classes to teach thesethings .
SENT:  When Tommy dropped his ice cream , Timmy giggled , so father gave him a stern look .	KNOW SENT:  So when I heard her laughing, I was very angry and I mocked her laugh.
SENT:  At the Loebner competition the judges could not figure out which respondents were the chatbots because they were so stupid .	KNOW SENT:  I can not figure this one out, and I know it's because of something stupid I'm doing.
SENT:  The actress used to be named Terpsichore , but she changed it to Tina a few years ago , because she figured it was too hard to pronounce .	KNOW SENT:  He changed his name Euigun to Daniel because it's hard to pronounce Eui to people with Gyungsangdo dialect.
SENT:  Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on . She reads it when she gets home from work .	KNOW SENT:  A student reads a book in a bookshop as Oxford University commences its academic.
SENT:  As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan , she could see the landing gear .	KNOW SENT:  Hurricane Rosa could dump 2 to 3 inches of rain on Phoenix. Phoenix could see rain from Hurricane Rosa.
SENT:  John could not see the stage with Billy in front of him because he is so tall .	KNOW SENT:  tyra was standing in front of jimin and he couldn’t see because she is so tall
SENT:  There is a pillar between me and the stage , and I can not see it  .	KNOW SENT:  Dyson Sphere is located between the habitable zone and Sun. People on Earth can not see the Sun.
SENT:  Kirilov ceded the presidency to Shatov because he was more popular .	KNOW SENT:  The remnants have been ceded to London's Deliveroo , a pretty popular and conventional restaurant meal delivery service .
SENT:  Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead . If Adam had not had a sudden run of good luck , he would have won .	KNOW SENT:  And if you're not lucky, you loose your money like my friend and cry!
SENT:  Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago . They hunted for evidence on the river banks .	KNOW SENT:  Danish archeologists have found evidence that the bodies of a vanquished Iron Age army were ritualistically desecrated as part of a grisly religious sacrifice
SENT:  The police arrested all of the gang members . They were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood .	KNOW SENT:  The woman said she was unsure if she wanted to press charges, but officers arrested Sanderson to prevent any further violence.
SENT:  I could not find a spoon , so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee . But that turned out to be a bad idea , because it got full of ink .	KNOW SENT:  Stir Fry with Lemon Sauce recipe is full of amazing flavor
SENT:  Tom gave Ralph a lift to school so he would not have to walk .	KNOW SENT:  We purchased our beds and ask[ed] the shop if they could deliver them that afternoon and also give us a lift back home , so we would not have to walk .
SENT:  The user changed his password from GrWQWu8JyC to willow-towered Canopy Huntertropic wrestles as it was easy to remember .	KNOW SENT:  By now, you have registered as a student, changed your password to something easy to remember, and recorded a quiz grade.
SENT:  Frank was upset with Tom because the toaster he had sold him did not work .	KNOW SENT:  He sold me a bad rug . I am really angry about it .
SENT:  John hired Bill to take care of him  .	KNOW SENT:  Mrs . Zhao MeiLan and her colleagues are hired to take care of a small forest near a highway in Beijing
SENT:  Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties he faced in his research .	KNOW SENT:  This book purports to be a biography, but the writer faced very considerable difficulties in researching it.
SENT:  Tom said Check to Ralph as he took his bishop .	KNOW SENT:  white has checkmate the next move by taking blacks king bishop
SENT:  Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765 . At that date he had been dead for five years .	KNOW SENT:  After Her Dad Died , She Wanted To Visit His Grave On Prom Night , But Noticed Something Odd 3k .
SENT:  This morning , Joey built a sand castle on the beach , and put a toy flag in the highest tower , but this afternoon the tide knocked it down .	KNOW SENT:  If you don't like it when the tide knocks over your sandcastle, you're definitely not going to be happy when it claims the bride and groom.
SENT:  Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces . She has loved it since she was a child .	KNOW SENT:  I loved the musical piece and the analogy!
SENT:  John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling . He was very annoying .	KNOW SENT:  if it is a hoarse tuneless whistling , then it is annoying .
SENT:  I put the heavy book on the table and it broke .	KNOW SENT:  A broken (fractured) toe is an injury normally caused by impact , usually from dropping a heavy object on the toe or stubbing the toe hard .
SENT:  My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30 , so there was not much time . Luckily , it was short , so it worked out .	KNOW SENT:  Wanted to let you know that some people often leave the evening meeting early so they can catch the train home.
SENT:  Sam's drawing was hung just above Tina's and it did look much better with another one above it .	KNOW SENT:  Yes, hanging art over a door or window is perfectly acceptable. As a matter of fact, I love it.
SENT:  Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird . He is very compassionate .	KNOW SENT:  My friend stopped me from cutting my because I knew she cared but now I am stuck knowing she cut because she does not realize I care too .
SENT:  Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis , even though he is 30 years younger .	KNOW SENT:  Part One, as she was defeated by her little sister Hanabi, though she was 5 years younger
SENT:  Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces . She has had it since she was a child .	KNOW SENT:  My son plays the trumpet already, and since I had a flute from my childhood, he decided to give it a go as well.
SENT:  I could not put the pot on the shelf because it was too tall .	KNOW SENT:  It however is not as big as i hoped for- the spaces between the shelves are adjustable but taller books will not fit on all the shelves at the same time .
SENT:  Joe has sold his house and bought a new one a few miles away . He will be moving into it on Thursday .	KNOW SENT:  In a perfect world I would be able to sell my old house and immediately move into my new one .
SENT:  Patting her back , the woman smiled at the girl .	KNOW SENT:  Yamato laughed patting her back.
SENT:  When Tommy dropped his ice cream , Timmy giggled , so father gave him a sympathetic look .	KNOW SENT:  Mikey gave her the most sympathetic look he could muster then pushed her hair back.
SENT:  Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties he faced in his childhood .	KNOW SENT:  a biography of Rajdeep Singh showing the struggles and challenges he faced in the journey of his success .
SENT:  The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning , but luckily , by the time the picnic started , it was gone .	KNOW SENT:  There are quite a few clouds about, but fortunately they aren't getting between us and the sun so much.
SENT:  Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold , though he lived two centuries earlier .	KNOW SENT:  Pythagoras himself lived earlier than many of the other Pre-Socratics and had some influence on them
SENT:  Bill passed the gameboy to John because his turn was next .	KNOW SENT:  Steiner passed on their turn. So Kurita was up next and lead their own invasion in to Tamar.
SENT:  Madonna fired her trainer because she slept with her boyfriend .	KNOW SENT:  I thought you fired me because I slept with your ex-wife .
SENT:  The actress used to be named Terpsichore , but she changed it to Tina a few years ago , because she figured it was easier to pronounce .	KNOW SENT:  I sent out 25 applications with no response, then changed my first name to an easy to pronounce nickname.
SENT:  The large ball crashed right through the table because it was made of styrofoam .	KNOW SENT:  Oh maybe it is this tire that crashed through that styrofoam wall .
SENT:  It was a summer afternoon , and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn . After a while , it got up and moved to a spot under the tree , because it was hot .	KNOW SENT:  If a person starts to experience over heating , and symptoms of heat syncope , they should move or be moved to a shaded or cool area .
SENT:  I used an old rag to clean the knife , and then I put it in the trash .	KNOW SENT:  My boss cleaned it up with paper towels and put the towel in the trash .
SENT:  Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because his Dibs was slow .	KNOW SENT:  Not calling dibs before your siblings so you got stuck in the rear-facing seats of your parent's station wagon.
SENT:  Sam and Amy are passionately in love , but Amy's parents are unhappy about it , because they are snobs .	KNOW SENT:  But I think that snobs are unhappy and have nothing to be snobbish about .
SENT:  They broadcast an announcement , but a subway came into the station and I could not hear over it  .	KNOW SENT:  Because it's not like I hear it echoing over the hills, it's like it's in me.
SENT:  I tried to paint a picture of an orchard , with lemons in the lemon trees , but they came out looking more like telephone poles .	KNOW SENT:  Sometimes you see pictures of trees online that look like green telephone poles, they're so narrow.
SENT:  Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis , even though he is 30 years older .	KNOW SENT:  Not saying he would have defeated Royce, but even though he was older when the UFC came around
SENT:  Fred and Alice had very warm down coats , but they were not enough for the cold in Alaska .	KNOW SENT:  My coats are not enough for the cold so I am going to get one of these this year.
SENT:  Tom said Check to Ralph as he moved his bishop .	KNOW SENT:  a player said checkmate to me by moving his queen
SENT:  Although they ran at about the same speed , Sue beat Sally because she had such a good start .	KNOW SENT:  If you get off to a good start , you are successful in the early stages of doing something
SENT:  I poured water from the bottle into the cup until it was full .	KNOW SENT:  gallons of facts poured into them until they were full to the brim.
SENT:  When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall , they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents . They were very much in the majority .	KNOW SENT:  a large burgundy room that was full of paintings by French artists. The majority of them were dark with minimal elements of bright light in the work.
SENT:  There is a gap in the wall . You can see the garden behind it  .	KNOW SENT:  this sounds a bit strange, but the base units in my kitchen have an 'access' gap in them so i can see the wall behind them
SENT:  The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie . They were very cooperative , so the interview lasted for a long time .	KNOW SENT:  it would last relatively longer, even if the cooperation has been received
SENT:  Beth did not get angry with Sally , who had cut her off , because she stopped and apologized .	KNOW SENT:  I had inflicted pain on my son . I apologized . and he nodded . He was not angry anymore .
SENT:  Although they ran at about the same speed , Sue beat Sally because she had such a bad start .	KNOW SENT:  England got off to a bad start in the Five Nations' Championship , losing 35-10 to France .
SENT:  I was trying to open the lock with the key , but someone had filled the keyhole with chewing gum , and I could not get it out .	KNOW SENT:  they will be full of sawdust and you can not get it out
SENT:  Anna did a lot worse than her good friend Lucy on the test because she had studied so hard .	KNOW SENT:  Terry failed his maths test because he did not study hard .
SENT:  In July , Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk . Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger , they were defeated within weeks .	KNOW SENT:  I beat you because I am better than you , Beric .
SENT:  Billy cried because Toby would not accept his toy .	KNOW SENT:  Jesus cried hopeless tears because Israel would not accept His love, wouldn't accept Him.
SENT:  Joe paid the detective after he delivered the final report on the case .	KNOW SENT:  You paid them to deliver your package by a certain date.
SENT:  Many people start to read Paul's books and can not put them down . They are popular because Paul writes so well .	KNOW SENT:  I feel the reason this show IS popular is because of how well written it is .
SENT:  Fred and Alice had very warm down coats , but they were not prepared for the cold in Alaska .	KNOW SENT:  I'm generally happy to wear coats and sweaters. But we did NOT come prepared for cold weather in Florida
SENT:  Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher , but he put it off , because he wanted to watch TV . But the show turned out to be boring , so he changed his mind and turned it on .	KNOW SENT:  Already tried. I put it off for an hour, then i turn on my device, but all i can see only black screen + white LED.
SENT:  The table will not fit through the doorway because it is too narrow .	KNOW SENT:  you have let go of a lot of stuff that will not fit through the small, narrow gate
SENT:  Dr . Adams informed Kate that she had retired and presented several options for future treatment .	KNOW SENT:  I count my blessings that I had a doctor who presented me with these options
SENT:  Fred covered his eyes with his hands , because the wind was blowing sand around . He opened them when the wind stopped .	KNOW SENT:  you can either do a Surprise Blow to prevent the blowee from defensively closing their eye just before you do the deed, or you can do the real surgical technique, where you get them to lie down, hold their eye
SENT:  Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant . When Fred first saw my father , he was twelve months old .	KNOW SENT:  The term infant is typically applied to young children under one year of age
SENT:  The path to the lake was blocked , so we could not reach it  .	KNOW SENT:  Because crowds of panicking people blocked the road to the guesthouse, we tried an alternative road.
SENT:  Carol believed that Rebecca suspected that she had stolen the watch .	KNOW SENT:  The suspected person has stolen SBI ATM machine from Lalbazar
SENT:  As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan , she could see the landing strip .	KNOW SENT:  I was looking down from an airplane window and seeing this huge landscape and these geological features, and [wondering about] the landscape I was flying over
SENT:  I am sure that my map will show this building ; it is very good .	KNOW SENT:  Google corrects its map after it shows a Senate office building
SENT:  Alice looked for her friend Jade in the crowd . Since she always wears a red turban , Alice spotted her quickly .	KNOW SENT:  The reason your grandmother in law always wears bright colours in public is so she can easily be spotted in a crowd.
